---
layout: post
title: "blog setup / introduction"
tags: meta
---

> a small post to document the setting up of this blog

so back in 2021 i wanted to write a medium blog to outline my process for designing stuff. i was too lazy though, so the idea never really got off the ground.

cut to 2023, where i just finished my jp/th transliteration rules, and i wanted to host a web version somewhere. i remembered how ren @riamuyumemi used to host a hexo blog on github pages for his translation blog, so i figured i could try something similar. i wanted the blog to be as low-maintenance as possible, so i went with jekyll instead, as its literally prebuilt into github pages.

- theme used: minimalist @ https://github.com/BDHU/minimalist
  - i know i probably should do something about light theme... but also you probably can toggle reader view + it isn't white on black at least!
- typography: noto sans. this was already the default font, so i just added the thai and japanese ones, and used google fonts instead to cut down some slack.
  - usually i hate humanist fonts although in this case i think it kinda. fits the vibe im going with, the sort of default 2010's blog look. i tried to actually make it aesthetically pleasing while being very minimal though, and the theme already does a pretty good job!

all in all ill probably just keep this a repo whenever i need to dump basic markdown pages somewhere for publishing, as notion tries to grill my mac every time i open its desktop app. i _could_ spend more time figuring things out like themes, plugins, gfm, but honestly it already works so... if it ain't broken!

for content on here... don't expect too much. things ive thought of are

- dev blog talking about things in makotools' development
- (personal) research into languages and stuff
- design notes? i don't really verbalize design decisions nor do i do well at documenting them though

so yeah, don't expect occasional updates lol. thanks for dropping by though!
