---
layout: post
title: "[tl] Zip / Kiss on the lips by ClorenThia"
tags: translation, songs
---

> song tl of "ปิดปาก / Kiss on the lips" th > en!

Those pair of eyes look right at me<br />
see right through you into the deepening void<br />
Perhaps I might turn that reflection mine<br />
only me within your eyes as they shine<br />
—would you like?

Captivating looks aside, I'm not quite sure why<br />
theres no life within that dark cold stare<br />
Take my hand, reach out to me and you'll see<br />
a world you could only dream—vibrant and full of life

\* Let me zip you right up, unshackle everything<br />
Let me rip all the nightmares you had out of your mind<br />
Until dawn, no need to keep it all,<br />
leave your thoughts and lets go on a long journey<br />
I'm all yours—quench your thirst<br />
and we'll go on a trip to ecstasy<br />
Turn this dreadful world into a hazy dream<br />
You'll be fine with me right by your side<br />
now leave everything behind<br />
satiate your true desires

All the words you like to say sounds melodious<br />
pierce right through me;<br />
I wonder if it was sincere or specious<br />
For all you know, maybe I could take that glow<br />
turn it to a genuine show, if you'd like

No secret words, no awful jokes<br />
no requirements to bespoke<br />
Just allow me in the know, be in your care<br />
When snow falls I'll be your warmth<br />
When lonely I will be there<br />
With you accepting me,<br />
you'll get the sympathy you desire

You probably know that you're playing with fire<br />
It would be less than ideal<br />
if it ends and goes awry<br />
But don't try to hide<br />
look at me, in the eyes<br />
maybe just once would be fine?

Indulge in me, I'm your exclusive fantasy<br />
One small sip, it wouldn't hurt much,<br />
put your mind at ease<br />
Those pinkish blush on your cheeks,<br />
heart racing one-twenty three<br />
Your focus withering, it's blending with mine

Sweet words come quite dry<br />
That gaze looking into me<br />
The breathless allure<br />
Do you realise?<br />
For all you know, maybe I could take that glow<br />
turn it to a genuine show, if you'd like

(\*)

---

### Notes

This song just caught me by surprise one day through YouTube mix and I immediately fell in love with it haha. The meaning can be interpreted so many ways and through this translation I kinda leaned in on "toxic relationship/codependency" vibes? Though theres other ways to interpret the song too. Translation is quite liberal by the way, so it probably won't match up 1-to-1 with the og song. Was a fun translation to try nevertheless!
